---
layout: post
title:  "Good Books I Read in 2025"
date:   2026-01-20 12:12:12 -0000
categories: p
published: true
---

Some book recommendations and dis-recommendations for the books I read in 2025.

---

## The Pragmatic Programmer - David Thomas, Andrew Hunt

A well-organized book with great advice I thoroughly enjoyed. I recommend this book for devs early in their career.

The best bit of wisdom I got is the *ETC principle* which means *easy to change*. Things that are easy to change are good. The good things make things easy to change, like decoupling.

I appreciate how the advice is high-level, which trusts the reader to work out the details and not get bogged down in debates around whitespace or self-documenting code.

## Atomic Habits - James Clear

An extremely well-known book. **It's actually good**. Especially if you struggle to do the things you aim to do, or can't stop doing the things you know you shouldn't.

I wouldn't treat the book as gospel; the 1% compounding rule doesn't seem right. Overall the book is great. I found lots of ideas relate with *"Hooked"* by Nir Eyal, which I'll post about later.

## The Three-Body Problem - Cixin Liu

Excellent sci-fi. Plus the next book in the series: *"The Dark Forest"* is great too. I watched the Netflix series first and still thoroughly enjoyed the books.

## Discipline is Destiny - Ryan Holiday

At the risk of veering too much into self-help, I really resonated with Ryan Holiday's work. It might just my point in life why I enjoyed the book. The increased amount of vice, cruelty, and dishonesty in the last decade surely helped too.

I kind of think Discipline is Destiny as a better version of *"The Almanac of Naval Ravikant"*, even though both are good reads and don't serve the same purpose.

## Code Complete - Steve McConnell

*No, no, no!* This book is a relic from the past from when OOP and Java were the new hot thing. I stupidly forced myself to finish this book which took almost ***12 months***. Most of the time was just skimming. Really low information density; it could have been 200 pages not 850.

There is <i>some</i> decent wisdom but good luck finding it when you're bored out of your mind. Save yourself and avoid this book.

## Extra Mentions

### A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole

A really enjoyable fiction book. Listen to the audiobook as it has great voice acting that's really necessary given the setting and characters.

### Careless People - Sarah Wynn-Williams

An excellent peek behind the curtain. Makes you think about what type of person you want to be when getting richer yourself and being around rich and powerful people.
